developer docs for GA (#935)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/UPGRADING.md

# Upgrading

> Unlike some other Elastic products, connectors-python is intentionally designed to be utilized outside of strict release windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors-python is intentionally de-coupled from the Elasticsearch release cycle.
```

It can be forked, modified, and connected to an Elasticsearch deployment, and continue to be modified while the Elasticsearch version stays static.

This gives the product a great capability to adapt to bugs or sudden 3rd-party API changes flexibly and without delay.

However, it can also lead to confusion when eventually upgrading if the elastic-maintained remote and your fork have significantly diverged.

In order to protect yourself from undue difficulty in upgrading, follow the below simple rules on your fork.

### **ALWAYS TAKE AN [ELASTICSEARCH SNAPSHOT](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/snapshot-restore.html) FIRST!**

> Too dramatic? No.

Reviewer 2: haha nice
